In this section we'll learn how to create a real mobile app that you can put on the App Store or Google
Play with M L C S S and Javascript.
There are a number of obvious benefits to doing this.
First and foremost that you can just develop once and then deploy your app to a number of different
systems.
It also of course allows you to use your HDMI and Javascript skills in app creation without having to
learn the specific languages and systems of each different mobile platform.
I should say at this point that there are some disadvantages of doing it this way and although we'll
see how to access many of the phones features such as the accelerometer and the camera.
We won't have access to all of the features that we would get if we were developing the app natively.
You also can experience performance issues because you are running effectively a mobile web site within
your app.
So it's not going to be as fast or as fluid as a native app.
Having said that though if you just want to make something pretty simple or you want to get a demo out
there as quickly as possible then building apps with aged him L is a perfectly good option.
There are a number of different frameworks and platforms to choose from when developing HDMI based apps
but we're going to focus on two in this section and the first is app dot J.S. which you can download
code dot K-K dot com slash app slash to.
And this is just a collection of CSSA styles and Javascript functions that make it much easier to make
your TNL page look and behave like an app on that page.
You can see a few of the demos and so here we can change the color of the title bar at the top there
and we can also view lists buttons inputs etc. and you can see that it behaves pretty similar to how
a mobile app does.
It also looks pretty modern and has a style fairly similar to the default iOS stylings but this is what
we'll be using on the HD M-L side.
Then once we've built the app we're going to be using phone gap build to actually deploy it to a number
of different platforms and I'm going to show you specifically how to deploy to Android and iOS so finger
build is free to use for a single app and you'll be able to get your app not only on iOS and Android
but pretty much every mobile platform that's out there.
So it's a really great system and it also includes a huge range of plugins which allow you to do a number
of specific things on particular devices and use the particular phone features such as camera accelerometer
et cetera.
So there's a whole new world opening up to us here and we're going to start looking at J.S. in the next
video.